WARNING:Ignoring invalid value '' for NX_INSTRUMENTATION
queue 0 size = 0, queue 1 size = 0
queue 0 addr = 0x6a06b8 queue 1 addr = 0x6a06f8
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: gather_block
critical task: potrf_tile|Š
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: potrf_tile|Š
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: trsm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: syrk_tileºäyŠ
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: potrf_tilerk_tilðºäyŠ
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: gemm_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: syrk_tile
critical task: potrf_tilerk_tilðºäyŠ
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
critical task: scatter_block
